Translation corrections (#303)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_002.txt

//rやるな、詩音…！　初めて持ってきた時のカボチャサラダは、まさにゴリゴリの生で俺ですら食うヤツに哀れを感じるほどだったのに、ここまで成長するとは！
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "やるな、詩音…！　初めて持ってきた時のカボチャサラダは、まさにゴリゴリの生で俺ですら食うヤツに哀れを感じるほどだったのに、ここまで成長するとは！",

> 			NULL, "You've really done it, Shion...! The first time you brought squash, even me with my hard life could only pity you, but to have come this far!", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "You've really done it, Shion...! The first time you brought squash, it was so hard and undercooked even I pitied anyone eating it, but to have come this far!", Line_Normal);
```
